<ui:composition lang="en"     
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:a="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
    template="resources/includes/VysusBase.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="bodyContent">
<div style="text-align: left;"	>
<p>
			
Terms and Conditions<br/> 
For the Usage of VYSUS - Verified Supply Teacher System 
<br/><br/>
What is VYSUS?<br/>
VYSUS stands for Verified Supply Teacher System which is an interactive tool created for the simplification of supply teacher recruitment processes. It provides a dynamic and new way which aims at making exisitng processes easier, cheaper and most importantly more secure and efficient by focusing on enhanced verification of potential candidated as well as the matching of the most suitable candidate with a school's job position using our unique and in-house made algortihm.
<br/><br/>
Who is behind VYSUS?<br/>
5 Students from the University of Aberdeen have identified a problem when it comes to the recruitment of supply teachers at UK schools and as part of an assignment are trying to solve the problems.
<br/><br/>
How do I use VYSUS?<br/>
You have to be a school or a person who is qualified to be a supply teacher and has the right to work in the UK If you fall under these categories, simply sign up and after a process where we will verify your or your school's credentials, you will be ready to use VYUS
<br/><br/>
Can I work for VYSUS?<br/>
At the moment we are not looking for someone to complete our team but feel free to contact us and we will be happy to review your portfolio.
<br/><br/>
VYSUS and the future?<br/>
After our launch we will be investigating feedback and provide our users with a better user experience, new features and moreover we will be looking further into an expansion phase: we hope to work closely with local governments and beyond that with schools in other countries.<br/>			
</p>
</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>